15:24   Starting
	    Don’t know Node.JS at all so need to take some time to learn enough to start and to get set up.

	    My first priority should be just getting requests answered, as I’m new to this I think if I can get that far I’ll be doing ok. After that I should make progress on the server quickly.

16:14   poking around, just setting up the environment and watching tutorials. Found web storm that seemed to set the environment up for me. Perhaps set too much stuff up for me, emailed Mikk to see if that’s considered cheating.

        The environment remains me a bit of ruby on rails.

16:35   Mikk emailed back, doesn’t mind if I use it as long as I understand. I might take the time to explain the parts later to show I do understand.
        At the moment I could just about pull this off with a single file using (rough pseudocode)

        if (request = “/getDistance”)
	        getDistance()
        if(request = “/getActiveLocations”)
	        getActiveLocations()

        But it would force clients to wait, one of the advantages of Node.js is that your don’t have to do that and the routing wouldn’t be very good.

17:08   Set up Repos. And committed this log.

17:25   I'm still studying node.js but I set up the repos while watching vids.

        I think I understand routes now.


        wasted a bit of time by typing app.local.locations rather than app.localS.locations
        wasted more time by not realising I had to restart the server.

18:18   Back to study for a while.

       Changed my mind. Decided to move require for data.json to activeLocations.
       It now passes the whole array back. No processing yet, just trying to get it taking arguments
       and passing json back.

19:49   Was doing R&D on passing in and out data. Got passing in date working. Passing in JSON might be trickier.

        Did a quick test. Passing in JSON in the URL works but feels wrong.
        I don't have a good reason to not do it that way though.

20:19   I've figured out the sticking points in Node.js. The routing, passing in an out arguments, working with data
        etc is working I think I only need to connect the peices now.
        I had no experience in Node.js or not much in Javascript before this but I did have experience in Java and Ruby
        on Rails which helped a lot. Taking a break...

